Bump version 2.0.5 (#67)
swiftype/swiftype-wordpress: README.txt

== Changelog ==

> = 2.0.5 =

Author: ```suggestion
* Do not index posts with type attachment anymore by default
```

> * Do index post with type attachment anymore by default

Reviewer: Do or do not?

Author: ```suggestion
* Do not index posts with type attachment anymore by default
```

Good catch.
